Added Laura's feedback to changelog (#852)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

    - `{COMPONENT_NAME}.Requirable.CommandRequestHandler` is now called `{COMPONENT_NAME}CommandReceiver`.
- When creating GameObjects, the `IEntityGameObjectCreator.OnEntityCreated` signature has changed from `GameObject OnEntityCreated(SpatialOSEntity entity)` to `void OnEntityCreated(SpatialOSEntity entity, EntityGameObjectLinker linker)`.
- The signature of `IEntityGameObjectCreator.OnEntityCreated` has changed from `void OnEntityRemoved(EntityId entityId, GameObject linkedGameObject)` to `void OnEntityRemoved(EntityId entityId)`.
    - All linked `GameObject` instances are still unlinked before this is called, however it is now your responsibility to track if a `GameObject` was created when the entity was added.
    - You should now call `linker.LinkGameObjectToSpatialOSEntity()` to link the `GameObject` to the SpatialOS entity.
    - You should also pass-in a list of `ComponentType` to `LinkGameObjectToSpatialOSEntity` which you wish to be copied from the `GameObject` to the ECS entity associated with the `GameObject`.

>         - Note that for the Transform Synchronization feature module to work correctly, you need to set up a linked Transform GameObject Component on your GameObject. You also need to link a `Rigidbody` GameObject Component if there’s one on your GameObject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Note that for the Transform Synchronization feature module to work correctly, you need to set up a linked Transform Component on your GameObject. You also need to link any Rigidbody Component on your GameObject.
```
I think as we say the name of the Unity component and the fact that we mention GameObject it's clear we mean a GameObject component.
Also we can say Ribidbody outside of backticks as it's a proper word in Unity (https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/class-Rigidbody.html).

>     - There is no limit on the number of GameObject instances that you can link to a SpatialOS entity. However, you cannot add the same component type more than once.

Reviewer: Which component type? GameObject? And do we mean link?  If so: 
```suggestion
    - There is no limit on the number of GameObject instances that you can link to a SpatialOS entity. However, you cannot add a component type to a linked GameObject instance more than once.
```

    - `Send{EVENT_NAME}` is now `Send{EVENT_NAME}Event`.
    - `Send` is now `SendUpdate`.

> - The generated command senders in Monobehaviours have also changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The generated command senders in MonoBehaviours have also changed.
```

    - Note that generated types that implement `ISpatialComponentData` are not marked as `Serializable`.
- Added the `DynamicConverter` class for converting a `ISpatialComponentSnapshot` to an `ISpatialComponentUpdate`.
- Added a generated ECS shared component called `{COMPONENT_NAME}.ComponentAuthority` for each SpatialOS component.
    - This component contains a single boolean which denotes whether a server-worker instance has write access authority over that component.
    - The component does not tell you about soft-handover (`AuthorityLossImminent`).

> - You may now `[Require]` an `EntityId`, `Entity`, `World`, `ILogDispatcher`, and `WorldCommandSender` in Monobehaviours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You may now `[Require]` an `EntityId`, `Entity`, `World`, `ILogDispatcher`, and `WorldCommandSender` in MonoBehaviours.
```

- Upgraded the Worker SDK version to `13.6.2`.
- Improved the UX of the BuildConfiguration inspector.
- Improved the UX of the GDK’s Tools Configuration window.
- Deleting a GameObject now automatically unlinks it from its ECS entity. Note that the ECS entity and the SpatialOS entity are _not_ also deleted.
- Changed the format of the BuildConfiguration asset. Please recreate, or copy it from `workers/unity/Playground/Assets/Config/BuildConfiguration.asset`.
- Building workers will not change the active build target anymore. The build target will be set back to whatever was set before starting the build process.

### Fixed

- Fixed a bug where, from the SpatialOS menu in the Unity Editor, running **SpatialOS ** > **Generate code** would always regenerate code, even if no files had changed.
- Fixed a bug where building all workers in our sample projects would fail if you have Android build support installed but didn't set the path to the Android SDK.

> - Fixed a bug where some prefabs would not be processed correctly, causing NullReferenceExceptions in OnEnable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where some prefabs would not be processed correctly, causing `NullReferenceExceptions` in `OnEnable`.
```

> - Re-added tests for Reader/Writer injection criteria and Monobehaviour enabling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Re-added tests for Reader/Writer injection criteria and MonoBehaviour enabling.
```

- Reactive components have been isolated and can be disabled.
- Subscriptions API has been added, this allows you to subscribe anything for which a manager has been defined.

>     - This now backs the `Require` API in Monobehaviours

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - This now backs the `Require` API in MonoBehaviours.
```
